README.md, before:

# 🧾 KindScript – Tools for When the System Gets in the Way of the Care You Deserve

![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/kindscript-tools/kindscript?style=social)
![Astro](https://img.shields.io/badge/Built%20with-Astro-FF5D01?logo=astro&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Active-success)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue)
![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)

**KindScript** is a set of simple, human‑centered tools for creating clear, low‑stress letters or summaries — especially when you're overwhelmed, anxious, or navigating complex health situations.

You fill in a few prompts, and the tool gives you a ready‑to‑share output that you can copy, print, or download — so you can focus on care, not paperwork.

---

## ✨ Current Tools

### 📝 Symptom Summary Generator
Helps you prepare for a medical appointment by summarizing your symptoms, concerns, and goals — so you don’t have to explain everything out loud or on the spot.

### 💊 Medication List Tool
Prepares a clear, printable list of your current medications and supplements — useful for appointments, hospital stays, or when someone else needs to know what you’re taking.

### ✉️ Refill Request Generator
Creates a clear, polite message requesting a medication refill — for yourself or someone else. Choose between a **friendly note** or a **bullet-style entry**, and include any helpful context.

### 📄 Insurance Appeal Letter Generator
Gently drafts a letter to appeal an insurance denial. Includes both a **professional** and a **gentler** tone option, so you can match the style to your needs.

---

## 🚀 Quick Start (Non‑Developers)

1. Visit the live site: **[KindScript.dev](https://kindscript.dev)**
2. Choose the tool you need (Symptom Summary, Insurance Appeal, Medication List).
3. Fill out the prompts — everything stays private in your browser.
4. Click **Generate** to see your formatted output.
5. Use the **Copy**, **Print**, or **Download** buttons to save or share it.

No account. No data storage. No tracking.  

---

## 📋 Example Use Case

You’re about to meet with a doctor, call your insurance company, or check in at urgent care — and your brain is foggy from stress, anxiety, pain, or decision fatigue.  

Instead of scrambling to remember the details, you fill out a KindScript tool in advance and hand it over, upload it to a patient portal, or keep it on your phone for quick reference.

Done. Breathe.

---

## 🖥 Local Development

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Then open [http://localhost:4321](http://localhost:4321) in your browser.

---

## 🛠 Built With

- [Astro](https://astro.build) – fast, clean static site generation
- [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript) – for live preview, copying, and printing
- HTML + CSS – lightweight, accessible, and privacy‑friendly by design

---

## 💡 Coming Soon

- More scripts (refill requests, care coordination templates, post‑visit summaries)
- Save/export as PDF
- Additional mobile + accessibility refinements
- A blog with guides and real‑world tips
- Curated links to helpful external resources
- **Tool screenshots** so you can preview what each tool looks like before using it

---

## 🤝 Contributing

We’ll eventually open this to contributors who’ve *been there too*.

If you’re interested in writing scripts, building tools, or just want to help people feel less alone in hard moments — stay tuned.

---

## 🕊️ Project Philosophy

KindScript is for people who are:

- Burned out  
- Anxious  
- In pain  
- Sick of explaining things 10 times  
- Trying to stay organized through uncertainty  

This isn’t about productivity.  
It’s about clarity when everything feels foggy.

> You don’t need a mantra.  
> You need a plan.

Commit message:

Added Quick Messages, Pain & Fatigue Journal, Work Accommodation Request Tool, PDFs, CSVs, Notion templates

README.md, after:

# 🧾 KindScript – Tools for When the System Gets in the Way of the Care You Deserve

![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/kindscript-tools/kindscript?style=social)
![Astro](https://img.shields.io/badge/Built%20with-Astro-FF5D01?logo=astro&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Active-success)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue)
![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)

**KindScript** is a set of simple, human‑centered tools for creating clear, low‑stress letters or summaries — especially when you're overwhelmed, anxious, or navigating complex health situations.

You fill in a few prompts, and the tool gives you a ready‑to‑share output that you can copy, print, or download — so you can focus on care, not paperwork.

---

## ✨ Current Tools

### 📝 Symptom Summary Generator
Helps you prepare for a medical appointment by summarizing your symptoms, concerns, and goals — so you don’t have to explain everything out loud or on the spot.

### 💊 Medication List Tool
Prepares a clear, printable list of your current medications and supplements — useful for appointments, hospital stays, or when someone else needs to know what you’re taking.

### ✉️ Refill Request Generator
Creates a clear, polite message requesting a medication refill — for yourself or someone else. Choose between a **friendly note** or a **bullet-style entry**, and include any helpful context.

### 💬 Quick Messages for Your Provider 🆕
Offers a collection of ready-to-use messages for common situations — like checking on test results, updating symptoms, or asking about referrals. Copy, customize, and send when you’re too overwhelmed to find the words.

### 📄 Insurance Appeal Letter Generator
Gently drafts a letter to appeal an insurance denial. Includes both a **professional** and a **gentler** tone option, so you can match the style to your needs.

### 📓 Pain & Fatigue Journal 🆕
Lets you log symptoms, triggers, severity, and impact on daily life. Use it to spot patterns over time or share details with your care team. Available as a Notion template, or .csv file.

### 🏥 Work Accommodation Request Tool 🆕
Helps you request time off, reduced hours, or temporary support from your workplace, school, or program — with language that’s clear, respectful, and easy to customize.

---

## 🚀 Quick Start (Non‑Developers)

1. Visit the live site: **[KindScript.dev](https://kindscript.dev)**
2. Choose the tool you need (Symptom Summary, Insurance Appeal, Medication List).
3. Fill out the prompts — everything stays private in your browser.
4. Click **Generate** to see your formatted output.
5. Use the **Copy**, **Print**, or **Download** buttons to save or share it.

No account. No data storage. No tracking.  

---

## 📋 Example Use Case

You’re about to meet with a doctor, call your insurance company, or check in at urgent care — and your brain is foggy from stress, anxiety, pain, or decision fatigue.  

Instead of scrambling to remember the details, you fill out a KindScript tool in advance and hand it over, upload it to a patient portal, or keep it on your phone for quick reference.

Done. Breathe.

---

## 🖥 Local Development

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Then open [http://localhost:4321](http://localhost:4321) in your browser.

---

## 🛠 Built With

- [Astro](https://astro.build) – fast, clean static site generation
- [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript) – for live preview, copying, and printing
- HTML + CSS – lightweight, accessible, and privacy‑friendly by design

---

## 💡 Coming Soon

- More scripts (refill requests, care coordination templates, post‑visit summaries)
- Save/export as PDF
- Additional mobile + accessibility refinements
- A blog with guides and real‑world tips
- Curated links to helpful external resources
- **Tool screenshots** so you can preview what each tool looks like before using it

---

## 🤝 Contributing

We’ll eventually open this to contributors who’ve *been there too*.

If you’re interested in writing scripts, building tools, or just want to help people feel less alone in hard moments — stay tuned.

---

## 🕊️ Project Philosophy

KindScript is for people who are:

- Burned out  
- Anxious  
- In pain  
- Sick of explaining things 10 times  
- Trying to stay organized through uncertainty  

This isn’t about productivity.  
It’s about clarity when everything feels foggy.

> You don’t need a mantra.  
> You need a plan.
